fix: exclude search files (#572)
ansys/ansys-sphinx-theme: doc/source/user-guide/options.rst

the amount of milliseconds to wait before executing the search. A value of
``0`` disables the debounce function.

Additionally, you can decide the limit of the search results by setting the
``limit`` key in the ``static_search`` dictionary. The default value is ``10``.

> To exclude some directories from the search index, you can use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To exclude files or directories from the search index, you can use the
```
